"In open we quote, many times we quote, oh now we are going to meditate. Loosely this
visualization is not meditation. But visualization is the most important meditation. It is a
skill who means meditate combined with the wordslessness. This is very animal meditation.
It is not just that we are meditating only one aspect of the nature. Nature of the mind
is full of wonders, not just only open emptiness states. This Vedayana visualization is open
emptiness and wondrous calling both all together. And then we are now embracing that nature
without any disconnected or without any kind of leftover. And therefore it is so special.
To begin these practices, then I think many of you heard and you said so many times, you
said so many times, this meditate has different styles. And according to my teachings, open
group and my symbols, which repeatedly emphasize with the three samadhis, and those are known
as the satinist samadhi and then manifestation samadhi, sit samadhis. And those are more kind
of graduation ways, one after another. First is satinist samadhi, meditating on the great
emptiness. Then manifest satin samadhi, arising energy of the compassion, meditating mainly on
compassion level, without any divisions or the discrimination. Pervasive compassion though.
To all beings, as like building sunlight, heat in the sky in the morning time, free from the
cloud and the dust. Just that compassion. Brilliant spread out that to all the same beings.
And then union of the compassion in the great openness, emptiness or wisdom, then see the
syllabus comes, instant. Those are the graduation ways, one after another. And then those are also
known as a more kind of Mahayoga meditation and Anayoga system of the building of the meditations.
And the Dzogki teaching often says, instant to reconnect with meditation. This is Dzogki style
of the meditate. There's not really many stages, even though here, for example, in that way,
it says, in the way, personally, every kind of follows graduate ways. First, we join the 'I'.
'I' is the connecting to the open state of the nature of the mind beyond the dualities.
So 'I' is key. And 'I' is the symbol to touching our self or to connect our self to the whole
inner nature, free from the dualities. The moment we joined 'I', that moment we are in the nature
status. The moment we joined 'I', that moment we are on the, in the way, cruise levels. We reach
already cruise levels. The moment we joined 'I', that moment you're in that state, cruise levels.
And now, relax. There's no need for more effort, anything. You're already on the cruise level.
You're already on the state of the deep 'I'. How that 'I', that state is, that is the great master
city. The all phenomena are empty, inexpressible beyond the consumption. That is this cruise level
is. That is the nature. This is our inner cruise level. We reach that status, deep open state.
The moment we joined 'I', that moment. You are there. And this is the absolute state of the mother,
white umbrella. My white umbrella. This is the absolute Mother. This is the Pandya Para Mother.
This is the Samana Buddha. This is the Dharmakaya status. And this right, this moment, we are there
.
You see in the, in the Dantara, or the Madhyana Tithi, Dharmakaya is not just waiting for to come.
Dharmakaya is right here. It asks you to teach, teach you, or the Buddha asks you to ask,
and point it out. We are right here. Here, we are in these orchestrates. We are from the beginning,
Dharmakaya status. And that's it. So, if you have time, for example,
time, and back to the short time, per second, really, kind of feel that power, feel that nature
beyond the duality, analyzations, thinking, just relax in the present status, without any thoughts.
And bring the brilliant 'I' kind of like that clarity in the mind, without any division,
without any ideas. In that moment, what happened? Then, here, by own syllable, an umbrella does,
umbrella does figure, or does what? And there is the own syllable, some syllable.
This is of course, the teaching has to be one after another here. But with this teaching here,
as in the third one, I said, the moment I collect it into a primordial, inseparable wisdom,
and a samayvi, that moment, we ever, I'm now completely in a very wide umbrella status.
State, of course, teaching have to say one after another to introducing, I should have asked that
status, that. Otherwise, it is called instant recollected meditation. As teaching opens,
sometimes you use example, as fish jumping out of the water. Fish jumped out of the water,
and that moment, fish is already formed, is not something fish gradually formed when it's jumped.
Instantly, when we recollected that, we kind of, out of the midst of the duality,
later, when that duality disappeared or disappeared, removed, at that moment, we are already
in a wide umbrella status. The moment I recollect, that moment, or the moment I think, that moment,
you're completely in a wide umbrella status, or we are completely in a wide umbrella status.
So, therefore, again, to begin with this, again, to this, the moment you say the "ah", at that
moment,
a period of the "om" syllable, a wide "om" syllable, with full power, blazing power,
and then with a wide umbrella, as the rainbow body, that all happened. And that all instantly
performed the different activities, as yesterday we went. The white light to the pure land,
and the light going to all the beams, those all did simultaneously, one time, one time,
and that moment you become white umbrella. You are in the old, in the state of the white umbrella
status.
This, this figure, this is so fast, so instant, there is not really time to kind of count. And
we use the examples of the great masters in the Buddha's teaching. You say, for example, there is
like 60 lotus patterns, or 64 lotus patterns, and start out one after another, another, another,
and you put the sharp needle, push down, it just, moment to you, but this moment, it went down,
and it's going all the down, and where it went, it pushed the one after another, those 64 patterns,
one after another. So this is, is, this divided into 64 parts. But in that one part, one part,
we are in that, all this activity happened in that one part, we are in the state of the white
umbrella.
That is known as the instant recollecting, zogchen, meditation, art style of the
virtualization, as fish jumping out of the water, they appeared everything, completely.
And then when she appeared, oh, now we are in that status, in that status, how she is,
then in the teaching set here, already is, Vedic Chrome, she is known as Vedic Chrome,
and the great reversal, reversal, reversal. And that means the all negativity,
obscuration, reversal. It's not just something kind of dropping that negative, somewhere else.
It is reversing instantly in the dharma-dhatu, great emptiness states. Even there's no trace.
That is the reverse. It's not just taking from somewhere and reversing that somewhere else,
or leaving that somewhere else. And that is what is. And then she is Bhagavati,
Bhagavati. And this is in Tibet, Jungni-dhema. Jungni-dhema is Bhagavan, is for the Buddha,
for the male, and Bhagavati is for the females, so she is a female Buddha, and Bhagavati,
the mother. And that is also, I mean, it has many different meanings in, for example,
Jung, in Tibet, this Bhagavati is translated into from Sanskrit by those great monsters
as I said yesterday, Choro, Yamsi, Kava, Parsa, Veratana, and Hanyeshi, they translate,
this Bhagavati is translated into Tibet, Jung-dhema. And this has three meanings. So, I mean,
Jung means destroyed all the four negative demons, four demons. Then is the position,
position, who has all the goodness qualities of the, of the, there's six different qualities,
and they means beyond in Tibet, means beyond the samsara and the nirvana. So that means fully
enlightened beings, who possess all the enlightened qualities, remove all the obscuring obstacle,
she is perfectly, totally embodiment of all enlightened beings. And then her name is then
white umbrella or dog carpamum. And this time she has then the five, one thousand, the past,
as, as is said, and so one thousand and two hundred in this side, the front side, as we have
this illustration you see here. So see, and two hundred straight up this side, and which is in
white,
and two hundred in the left side is a yellow face, and then back side two hundred is a red,
and then left side two hundred is in the green, and the upper there is two hundred,
that is then is, is in blue colors, blue colors. And this, yes, this post is generally what and,
and generally he is, and there is vrata-buddha, and peaceful Buddha, and semi-vrata-buddhas,
and he is as semi-vrata-ful or vrata-buddhas. Vrata-buddha has nine colors,
alternate set, I mean that is principle connected, principle connected, nine, nine colors,
three colors to the body, three colors to the speech, and three colors to the verse to mind.
Nine, three are, and in a debate called gupa, I'm just, maybe you write it, gupa, power,
Next row. Get back. G-E-G-P-A. P-A. Group up. And the power. Power. P-A. W-A. Power. Next row. G-I-
J. G-I-G-S-U-R-U-N-D. Next row. Those are three qualities of the body.
And then. Go here. Now. Go here. And three qualities of the speech. Go-pa. Go-pa. G-G-O-P-A. Go-pa.
Go-hi. Go-hi, taksho.
And she. S-H-E. She. Go-pa. He-wa. S-H-E-W-A. He-wa. And then taksho. D-R-A-G-S-U-L. Taksho. Taksho
.
And then. Then. Those are three qualities of the speech. And then. Three qualities of the mind. And
those are known as tingi. Tingi. N-Y-I-N-G-A. Tingi. Tingi. Namba. She-wa.
And namba. N-G-A-M-P-A. Namba. And then she-wa. S-H-E-W-A. Namba. She-wa. She-wa. And what it means
now? Go-pa.
Go-pa means, of course, rata-buddha. When we talk, kind of, think of rata-buddha, it looks very f
ussy. But also, same time, time, go-pa means very attractive. Very passionate, I think, go-pa.
Very attractive, very, very attractive, very passionate, or very, I think, western, very like macho
. Macho style. It's very beautiful. Very, very beautiful.
So, go-pa. And power is very courageous. Courageous or very, very, very powerful looking. Powerful
looking. Powerful looking, powerful looking.
And very beautiful proportions, perfect proportions, and perfect. Perfect and beautiful. And sexual
is very dominating. Very dominating and very frightening.
It's very majestic, very majestic, right? You cannot, kind of, like, kidding, kidding, or cheating,
cheating. It's very powerful.
Those are roughly three beautiful symbols of the body. So it is attractive, it is powerful looking,
and it is very dominating and very...
Your Majesty and Firstful. Firstful.